that like daily is the place to be when
you want to hear some tech news what's
that supposed to rhyme oh yeah whoops
engineered to handle the most demanding
networks ultimate power uncompromised
speed meet the linksys wrt 1900 AC
according to sources inside the company
google is going to discontinue the
mid-range nexus life and replace it with
high-end Android silver phones and doing
so Google will gain tighter control over
the built in software and ensure a high
standard across the devices Google still
partner with phone manufacturers most
likely LG and Motorola to make the
phones this comes after google gave
samsung and talking to earlier this year
about the significant customizations the
korean company was making to its android
phones is Google becoming apple god help
us AMD has your processors all over the
place from PCs to all three major
consoles but the company hasn't managed
to successfully break into tablets of
mobile now AMD has released a number of
benchmarks showing the upcoming mullins
and beema APU is getting much better
performance per watt than Intel's Bay
Trail processors so we could finally see
AMD get their processors and some
consumer tablets or we could see a buddy
cop show mullins and beema silicon
detectives after raising more than 55
thousand dollars in dose coin josh wises
NASCAR entry into the Aaron's 499 rice
is ready to go complete with dogecoin
inspired graphics the subreddit R
dogecoin felt bad for the future Lascar
and started a campaign to glorify it
with images of the famous Shiba Inu such
a maze maybe this will bring
cryptocurrency back into the spotlight
Yelp is certainly helping by flying
which businesses accept Bitcoin guys
right now if you buy a qualifying nvidia
graphics card you'll get a watch dogs
for pc game code free and to celebrate
we're giving away 18 watchdogs game
codes make sure you're subscribed to
NCIX and comment on this video for your
chance to win and don't forget about our
other giveaways check those out if you
like free stuff I'm assuming you do
you oh oh geez I was trying to hold it
alright that's it for nothing daily
thanks for watching guys don't forget to
subscribe for more videos like this from
NCIX because we're making them or making
them like it's our job it it is their
job
see ya one more time doge towers that's
a three house dos don'ts DOS doji daddy
Cory doggie doors alright yeah ok hey
don't trust you anymore